    Challenge 11
    Create a function dateStamp that accepts a function and returns a function. The returned function will accept however many arguments the passed-in function accepts, and return an object with a date key that contains a timestamp with the time of invocation, and an output key that contains the result from invoking the passed-in function. HINT: You may need to research how to access information on Date objects.
    
    Challenge 12
    Create a function censor that accepts no arguments. censor will return a function that will accept either two strings, or one string. When two strings are given, the returned function will hold onto the two strings as a pair, for future use. When one string is given, the returned function will return the same string, except all instances of first strings (of saved pairs) will be replaced with their corresponding second strings (of those saved pairs).
    
    Challenge 13
    There's no such thing as private properties on a JavaScript object! But, maybe there are? Implement a function createSecretHolder(secret) which accepts any value as secret and returns an object with ONLY two methods. getSecret() which returns the secret setSecret() which sets the secret
    
    Challenge 14
    Write a function, callTimes, that returns a new function. The new function should return the number of times it’s been called.
    
    Challenge 15
    Create a function russianRoulette that accepts a number (let us call it n), and returns a function. The returned function will take no arguments, and will return the string 'click' the first n - 1 number of times it is invoked. On the very next invocation (the nth invocation), the returned function will return the string 'bang'. On every invocation after that, the returned function returns the string 'reload to play again'.
    
    Challenge 16
    Create a function average that accepts no arguments, and returns a function (that will accept either a number as its lone argument, or no arguments at all). When the returned function is invoked with a number, the output should be average of all the numbers have ever been passed into that function (duplicate numbers count just like any other number). When the returned function is invoked with no arguments, the current average is outputted. If the returned function is invoked with no arguments before any numbers are passed in, then it should return 0.
    
    Challenge 17
    Create a function makeFuncTester that accepts an array (of two-element sub-arrays), and returns a function (that will accept a callback). The returned function should return true if the first elements (of each sub-array) being passed into the callback all yield the corresponding second elements (of the same sub-array). Otherwise, the returned function should return false.
    
    Challenge 18
    Create a function makeHistory that accepts a number (which will serve as a limit), and returns a function (that will accept a string). The returned function will save a history of the most recent "limit" number of strings passed into the returned function (one per invocation only). Every time a string is passed into the function, the function should return that same string with the word 'done' after it (separated by a space). However, if the string 'undo' is passed into the function, then the function should delete the last action saved in the history, and return that delted string with the word 'undone' after (separated by a space). If 'undo' is passed into the function and the function's history is empty, then the function should return the string 'nothing to undo'.
    
    Challenge 19
    Inspect the commented out test cases carefully if you need help to understand these instructions.
    Create a function blackjack that accepts an array (which will contain numbers ranging from 1 through 11), and returns a DEALER function. The DEALER function will take two arguments (both numbers), and then return yet ANOTHER function, which we will call the PLAYER function.

    On the FIRST invocation of the PLAYER function, it will return the sum of the two numbers passed into the DEALER function.

    On the SECOND invocation of the PLAYER function, it will return either:
        the first number in the array that was passed into blackjack PLUS the sum of the two numbers passed in as arguments into the DEALER function, IF that sum is 21 or below, OR
        the string 'bust' if that sum is over 21.

    If it is 'bust', then every invocation of the PLAYER function AFTER THAT will return the string 'you are done!' (but unlike 'bust', the 'you are done!' output will NOT use a number in the array). If it is NOT 'bust', then the next invocation of the PLAYER function will return either:

        the most recent sum plus the next number in the array (a new sum) if that new sum is 21 or less, OR
        the string 'bust' if the new sum is over 21.

    And again, if it is 'bust', then every subsequent invocation of the PLAYER function will return the string 'you are done!'. Otherwise, it can continue on to give the next sum with the next number in the array, and so forth.

    You may assume that the given array is long enough to give a 'bust' before running out of numbers.

    BONUS: Implement blackjack so the DEALER function can return more PLAYER functions that will each continue to take the next number in the array after the previous PLAYER function left off. You will just need to make sure the array has enough numbers for all the PLAYER functions.
